NAS-100609: Update Storage/Import Disk text to describe filesystem au… (#1218)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/storage.rst

   Importing a Disk

Use the drop-down menu to select the disk to import, confirm the
detected filesystem is correct, and browse to the ZFS dataset that will
hold the copied data. If the :guilabel:`MSDOSFS` filesystem is selected,

> an additional :guilabel:`MSDOSFS locale` drop-down menu will display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an additional :guilabel:`MSDOSFS locale` drop-down menu is displayed.
```
